# twoDimensionalFlow

## Overview
**twoDimensionalFlow** is a project focused on solving the two-dimensional Direct Numerical Simulation (DNS) of fluid flow over polygonal surfaces. This code provides a framework for simulating fluid dynamics and can be extended to various geometrical configurations.

### Note
This project is currently in its early stages. At the moment, only the grid creation functionality is fully operational.


## Features
- Supports the simulation of fluid flow over complex polygonal surfaces.
- Currently utilizes a mesh composed of **62,000 elements**, providing a good balance between accuracy and computational efficiency.
- Implements the Navier-Stokes equations for incompressible flow.

## Getting Started

To build and run the code, follow these steps:

1. **Create a build directory**:
   ```bash
   mkdir build
   
2. **Navigate into the build directory**:
   ```bash
   cd build

3. **Run CMake to configure the project**:
   ```bash
   cmake ..
   
4. **Compile the code**:
   ```bash
   make

5. **Execute the simulation**:
   ```bash
   ./solvePDE

6. **View the output**:
   After running the simulation, you can check the output files generated by the program for results. Use suitable plotting tools to visualize the data. You can also use the provided MATLAB function `scatter_data.m` to visualize the mesh easily.

7. **Adjust parameters** (if needed):
   Modify input parameters or configurations in the source code or input files to tailor the simulation to your specific requirements.

8. **Re-run the simulation**:
   After making any adjustments, repeat the execution step to see the effects of your changes.

9. **Explore further**:
   Feel free to explore the code and add new features or improvements to enhance the simulation capabilities.

10. **Contribute**:
    If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

   
   

